Add new board type (#28736)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homeassistant_green.markdown

---
title: Home Assistant Green
description: Home Assistant Green provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.
ha_release: 2023.9
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_codeowners:
  - '@home-assistant/core'
ha_domain: homeassistant_green
ha_integration_type: hardware
---

The Home Assistant Green integration provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.

> For documentation about the Home Assistant Green please visit the [documentation](https://green.home-assistant.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For documentation on the Home Assistant Green, please visit the [documentation page](https://green.home-assistant.io/).
If you are looking to buy one, please visit the [product page](https://home-assistant.io/green).
```
